---
layout: post
title: "Hello world!"
subtitle: Launching my blog
---

Years, a decade perhaps, certainly *far too long* in the making. In
the imagining. My personal website. My blog.

A place for jottings, and notes, and sketches and diagrams. For
recording those technical things worked through and forgotten. An
archive. My archive. My thoughts and all that.

Why now? 'If not now...', certainly, seizing the moment, *kairos*. But
especially the 'now' of historical time, *chronos*. The 5 November
2020 is a junction: the ballots of the next US government are being
counted and released in drips; their consequence a flood that will
create a new world, a new real interconnection of things, a new
internet. I need to not only navigate these times, endlessly watching
the swell of the tide and formulating comments to my nearest has been
exhausting: it's time for me to speak to the open. And Twitter is not
my medium. Academic publications serve their purpose but their
temporality is too slow, their rules of engagement too constrained.

How? <a target="_blank" rel="noopener"
href="https://jekyllrb.com/">Jekyll</a>, a static site generator. That
means simple files which I write in and a programme which turns them
all into an HTMLified blog. And no database and no hosting and no
Wordpress or being hacked. And its all mine. Written in Emacs. Hosted
on <a target="_blank" rel="noopener"
href="https://www.netlify.com/">Netlify</a> via Github. Huge thanks to
<a target="_blank" rel="noopener"
href="https://maximevaillancourt.com/"> Maxime Vaillancourt</a> whose
website you'll see bears a certain resemblance: thank you Maxime for
<a target="_blank" rel="noopener"
href="https://github.com/maximevaillancourt/maximevaillancourt.com">
sharing your code</a>; in turn <a target="_blank" rel="noopener"
href="https://github.com/danielnemenyi/danielnemenyi.net">I share
mine</a>.

So welcome. Welcome to *my blog!*
